ENGDOCS-2372 (#21769)
docker/docker.github.io: content/manuals/desktop/cert-revoke-solution.md

5. Enter your password.

You should now see the Docker Desktop Dashboard.

### Install a patch if you have version 4.34 - 4.36

If you can’t upgrade to the latest version and you’re seeing the malware pop-up, follow the steps below:

1. Kill the Docker process that cannot start properly:
   ```console
   $ sudo launchctl bootout system/com.docker.vmnetd 2>/dev/null || true
   $ sudo launchctl bootout system/com.docker.socket 2>/dev/null || true
    
   $ sudo rm /Library/PrivilegedHelperTools/com.docker.vmnetd || true
   $ sudo rm /Library/PrivilegedHelperTools/com.docker.socket || true
 
   $ ps aux | grep docker | awk '{print $2}' | sudo xargs kill -9 2>/dev/null
   ```

2. Make sure the malware pop-up is permanently closed.

3. [Download and install the patched installer](/manuals/desktop/release-notes.md) that matches your current base version. For example if you have version 4.36.0, install 4.36.1.

4. Launch Docker Desktop. A privileged pop-up message displays after 5 to 10 seconds.

5. Enter your password.

You should now see the Docker Desktop Dashboard.

### Wait for a patch for versions 4.32 - 4.33

> For versions 4.32 - 4.33, a patch fix is in progress. If you need an immediate solution, you can use the following workaround:

Reviewer: If we communicate this tomorrow, we might have the patch release already available, that would make the message simpler

> Docker Desktop versions 4.28 and earlier are not impacted by this issue. 

## Available solutions

There are a few options available depending on your situation:

### Upgrade to Docker Desktop version 4.37.2 (recommended)

The recommended way is to upgrade to the latest Docker Desktop version which is version 4.37.2. 

If possible, update directly through the app. If not, and you’re still seeing the malware pop-up, follow the steps below:

1. Kill the Docker process that cannot start properly:
   ```console
   $ sudo launchctl bootout system/com.docker.vmnetd 2>/dev/null || true
   $ sudo launchctl bootout system/com.docker.socket 2>/dev/null || true
    
   $ sudo rm /Library/PrivilegedHelperTools/com.docker.vmnetd || true
   $ sudo rm /Library/PrivilegedHelperTools/com.docker.socket || true
 
   $ ps aux | grep docker | awk '{print $2}' | sudo xargs kill -9 2>/dev/null
   ```
    
2. Make sure the malware pop-up is permanently closed. 

3. [Download and install version 4.37.2](/manuals/desktop/release-notes.md#4372).

4. Launch Docker Desktop. A privileged pop-up message displays after 5 to 10 seconds.

5. Enter your password.

You should now see the Docker Desktop Dashboard.

> ### Install a patch if you have version 4.34 - 4.36

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install a patch if you want to continue using Desktop version 4.34 - 4.36
```
Maybe, to make it clearer that the recommended option is to update to 4.37.2?
